Document Override total memory in Operator ArangoDeployment (#456)
arangodb/docs: 3.6/deployment-kubernetes-deployment-resource.md

See https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/configuration/manage-compute-resources-container/ for details.

### `spec.<group>.overrideDetectedTotalMemory: bool`

> Set additional flag in ArangoDeployment pods to propagate Memory resource limits
> 
> <small>Introduced in: v1.0.1 (kube-arangodb) and 3.6.3 (ArangoDB CE & EE)</small>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<small>Introduced in: v1.0.1 (kube-arangodb), 3.6.3 (arangod)</small>

Set additional flag in ArangoDeployment pods to propagate Memory resource limits
```
